Readme for my web application called Aniuniverse

Distinctiveness and Complexity:
My project is a different kind of web application compared to other projects that I have done during the course, it doesn't have to do with a social network project, even though there are user profiles, there is no any interaction between users, on the other hand it is different from the e-commerce for the same reason, there is no interaction between users, it does have some similar functionality, like adding items into lists (watchlist in e-commerce and here favorite list or just anime/manga list to keep track of the things), but the goal is different, because the lists the user has in my app are for adding functionality, complexity and customization. It is a database based web application, the final goal of this application is for users to be able to look for things, and to be able to make all kind of searches, such as searches by title, by genre, etc. I have included a user interface that allows users to search for animes and mangas, save them in the database and then keep track of them. The complexity of the app is to try to cover all the possible user's needs, that is why there are different types of lists which a user can fill with anime and manga, that is also why there are different types of searches, so the user can not only look for a specific anime or manga by introducing a title, but also can search by a specific genre, demographics, themes, type, etc. 

Reasons for making my project:
My project is a web application that allows users to search for animes and mangas, and then keep track of them by saving them in the database. My web application has several tabs: Home, Anime, Manga which are available for everyone, and then the profile tab if the user is logged in.
There are a lot of apps on the market that allow you to search for books, movies, etc. These type of apps are very useful, so the people can discover something new, see the opinions and scores of other people, keep track of movies or books, and have everything in one single application. I wanted to create something similar to that, also my idea was to work with something I would be comfortable with, so that is why I chose animes and mangas. As mentioned before this app would be very useful, because apps with a similar goal like IMDb are used a lot nowadays, as they cover all the user's needs, and also because the world of anime and manga is growing day by day, so from a marketing point of view it would be a good app, because the demand for it would be big.

Tabs:
-Home: This page shows several rankings of animes and mangas ordered by score. On this page there are top 10 best anime, top 10 best manga, top 10 best OVAs, top 10 best airing anime, top 10 best movies, and top 10 publishing manga.
-Anime:
    -Search anime: it redirects the user to a page where the user can search for animes by title, by introducing something in a search bar, it will show you all the anime that contain that word(s). Also the user can search by other criteria, type, genre, themes and demographics, by clicking on one of the options of the criteria.
    -Top anime: it redirects the user to a page where the user can see the top scored animes, and also choose an option for the top, it can be top scored anime, top airing anime, top upcoming anime, top series, top movies, top OVAs, top ONAs, top special, the most popular and top favorite anime.
    -Season anime: The user is able to search for animes choosing a year and a season.
-Mangas: 
    -Search manga: as in the anime seatch, it redirects the user to a page where the user can search for a manga by introducing a title into a search bar and also search by other criteria, type, genre, demographics and themes, by clicking on one of the options of a criteria.
    -Top manga: the user can look into several tops, top manga (all types of manga books), top manga (only manga type), top one-shots, top doujinshi, top novels, top manhwa, top manhua, most popular manga and most favorite manga.
-Profile: the user is sent to a page where he can se his username, his profile picture. Anime stats and Manga stats shows animes and mangas filtered by the status, and if teh user has any by clicking on the status, the user is redirected to a page with the list of animes or mangas. General stats shows all the animes and mangas, it also shows all the favorite anime and manga, and if he has any it will redirect to a page with a list of animes or mangas. It also shows the user's average score for animes, mangas and general average score.
-By clicking on any anime or manga, the user is sent to a page where he can see all the relevant information about the anime or manga, add it to his favorites list, or add it to his anime or manga list for keeping track of that anime, adding a status.
I have used the MySQL database, and I filled it with data from the MyAnimeList database. The document with this data was found on https://www.kaggle.com. I have filled my database with 24631 animes and 66349 mangas. Both files with SQL scripts for filling the database with the data I found are included in the project folder.
Inside the static folder a I have a jpg file which is used as a background for my web application, a JavaScript file which is used for some important functionality used in front-end such as adding to favorites or updating lists, and a CSS file with page styling. Template folder contains all the HTML files. And a templatetags folder contains a Python file called custom_tags, which contains tags for loops in some HTML files using DTL, those tags are used to make normal loops without using a list of objects, and also a tag for looping through statuses that a user can choose for anime/manga when adding one to a list. Models file contains all the models that are used in the web application, and forms Python file used for creating a register form. Also I have created a media folder, which is used for saving profile pictures of the users.
To run my application you have to run python /manage.py runserver, after making all migrations using makemigrations and migrate commands.